comm
The comm command compares two text files,
displaying the lines that are unique
to each one,
as well as the lines they have in common.
In the first example,
comm displayed the unique lines
in scan-a.txt,
the unique lines in scan-b.txt
and the lines found in both
files respectively.
Comm outputs three
space-offset columns:
the first contains lines that are
unique to the first file or argument;
the second contains lines that are
unique to the second file or argument;
and the third column contains lines
that are shared by both files.
The -n switch, where “n” is either
1, 2, or 3,
can be used to suppress one or more
columns, depending on the need.
Let’s take a look at an example:
This time, comm displayed only the
lines that were found in both files
since we suppressed columns
one and two.